# Open GL and C++## IntroductionThis is where I am learning to use Open GL and C++ together to make 2D games. The idea is that most games should be easily moved between platforms and that we aren't reliant on outside sources to stay afloat. That being said, I am using a good number of external open source libraries to access Open GL functions.## Projects### Hello WorldThis project is just here so that I can have a playground to learn how to do everything for Open GL.## Installation InstructionsThis is to use Open GL with a C++ project in Visual Studio 2012### 1 - Install Open GLMost computers come with Open GL, so this should not be an issue.### 2 - Install FreeGLUTFreeGLUT can be found [here](http://freeglut.sourceforge.net/).  *Please understand that I had to use an older version of FreeGLUT as the one I downloaded did not include the lib or dll files.*### 3 - Install GLEWGLEW can be found [here](http://glew.sourceforge.net/).  *Please understand that I had to use an older version of GLEW as the one I downloaded did not include the lib or dll files.*### 4 - Install ResIL (Optional)ResIL can be found [here](http://sourceforge.net/projects/resil/).### 5 - Configure Project##  Problems I Faced### Library LocationI found that working on the Windows 8.1 64-bit OS, the project had problems finding the libraries (dll) to use when running the program. What I found to be the easiest solution is to copy the dll files from the projects you are using to C:/Windows/SysWOW64. I am sure that I have missed something in setting up the projects which would be solved without having to do that. If you know where my set up went wrong please let me know so that I can implement the proper solution to this problem.### Missing zlib1.dllI found this when beginning to implement the ResIL stuff in Hello World. ZLib can be found [here](http://www.zlib.net/). I just added it to the same location as above. Again, if there is a more correct way to add these files, please let me know.